## Folding

If you want to see an overview of the structure of the code file you're working
on, folding can be a helpful tool. Folding hides blocks of code such as
functions or looping blocks in order to simplify what is on your screen.

::: tabs#using-pulsar

@tab linux

You can fold blocks of code by clicking the arrows that appear when you hover
your mouse cursor over the gutter. You can also fold and unfold from the
keyboard with the <kbd>Alt+Ctrl+[</kbd> and <kbd>Alt+Ctrl+]</kbd> keybindings.

![Code folding example](@images/atom/folding.png "Code folding example")

To fold everything, use <kbd>Alt+Ctrl+Shift+[</kbd> and to unfold everything use
<kbd>Alt+Ctrl+Shift+]</kbd>. You can also fold at a specific indentation level
with <kbd>Ctrl+K</kbd> <kbd>Ctrl+0-9</kbd> where the number is the indentation
depth.

Finally, you can fold arbitrary sections of your code or text by making a
selection and then typing <kbd>Alt+Ctrl+F</kbd> or choosing "Fold Selection" in
the Command Palette.

@tab macOS

You can fold blocks of code by clicking the arrows that appear when you hover
your mouse cursor over the gutter. You can also fold and unfold from the
keyboard with the <kbd>Alt+Cmd+[</kbd> and <kbd>Alt+Cmd+]</kbd> keybindings.

![Code folding example](@images/atom/folding.png "Code folding example")

To fold everything, use <kbd>Alt+Cmd+Shift+[</kbd> and to unfold everything use
<kbd>Alt+Cmd+Shift+]</kbd>. You can also fold at a specific indentation level
with <kbd>Cmd+K</kbd> <kbd>Cmd+0-9</kbd> where the number is the indentation
depth.

Finally, you can fold arbitrary sections of your code or text by making a
selection and then typing <kbd>Alt+Cmd+Ctrl+F</kbd> or choosing "Fold Selection"
in the Command Palette.

@tab Windows

You can fold blocks of code by clicking the arrows that appear when you hover
your mouse cursor over the gutter. You can also fold and unfold from the
keyboard with the <kbd>Alt+Ctrl+[</kbd> and <kbd>Alt+Ctrl+]</kbd> keybindings.

![Code folding example](@images/atom/folding.png "Code folding example")

To fold everything, use <kbd>Alt+Ctrl+Shift+[</kbd> and to unfold everything use
<kbd>Alt+Ctrl+Shift+]</kbd>. You can also fold at a specific indentation level
with <kbd>Ctrl+K</kbd> <kbd>Ctrl+0-9</kbd> where the number is the indentation
depth.

Finally, you can fold arbitrary sections of your code or text by making a
selection and then typing <kbd>Alt+Ctrl+F</kbd> or choosing "Fold Selection" in
the Command Palette.

:::
