## Panes

:::tabs#using-pulsar

@tab linux

You can split any editor pane horizontally or vertically by using
<kbd>Ctrl+K</kbd> <kbd>Up/Down/Left/Right</kbd> where the direction key is the
direction to split the pane. Once you have a split pane, you can switch between
them with <kbd>Ctrl+K</kbd> <kbd>Ctrl+Up/Down/Left/Right</kbd> where the
direction is the direction the focus should move to.

![Multiple panes](@images/atom/panes.png "Multiple panes")

Each pane has its own "pane items", which are represented by tabs. You can move
the files from pane to pane by dragging them with the mouse and dropping them in
the pane you want that file to be in.

To close a pane, you can close all pane items with <kbd>Ctrl+W</kbd>. You can
configure whether panes auto-close when empty in the Settings View with the
"Remove Empty Panes" setting under Core Settings.

@tab macOS

You can split any editor pane horizontally or vertically by using
<kbd>Cmd+K</kbd> <kbd>Up/Down/Left/Right</kbd> where the direction key is the
direction to split the pane. Once you have a split pane, you can switch between
them with <kbd>Cmd+K</kbd> <kbd>Cmd+Up/Down/Left/Right</kbd> where the direction
is the direction the focus should move to.

![Multiple panes](@images/atom/panes.png "Multiple panes")

Each pane has its own "pane items", which are represented by tabs. You can move
the files from pane to pane by dragging them with the mouse and dropping them in
the pane you want that file to be in.

To close a pane, you can close all pane items with <kbd>Cmd+W</kbd>. You can
configure whether panes auto-close when empty in the Settings View with the
"Remove Empty Panes" setting under Core Settings.

@tab Windows

You can split any editor pane horizontally or vertically by using
<kbd>Ctrl+K</kbd> <kbd>Up/Down/Left/Right</kbd> where the direction key is the
direction to split the pane. Once you have a split pane, you can switch between
them with <kbd>Ctrl+K</kbd> <kbd>Ctrl+Up/Down/Left/Right</kbd> where the
direction is the direction the focus should move to.

![Multiple panes](@images/atom/panes.png "Multiple panes")

Each pane has its own "pane items", which are represented by tabs. You can move
the files from pane to pane by dragging them with the mouse and dropping them in
the pane you want that file to be in.

To close a pane, you can close all pane items with <kbd>Ctrl+W</kbd>. You can
configure whether panes auto-close when empty in the Settings View with the
"Remove Empty Panes" setting under Core Settings.

:::

::: tip Tip

If you don't like using tabs, you don't have to. You can disable the
[tabs package](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/tabs) and each pane will still support
multiple pane items. You just won't have tabs to use to click between them.

:::
